>> PAM: THE SAN FRANCISCO
METROPOLITAN TRANSPORTATION
AGENCY. IS COMING DOWN HARD
ON DISABLED PARKING
VIOLATORS
>> PAM: OUR STANLEY ROBERTS
TAGGED ALONG WITH PARKING
ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS, AS
THEY SET UP SHOP IN THE
MISSION DISTRICT.
>> PAM: SURPRISINGLY. THE
SHEER COST OF THE FINE. DOES
NOT APPEAR TO BE A
DETERRENT. AS WE FIND OUT IN
THIS EDITION OF
PEOPLE BEHAVING BADLY!
(MALE ANNOUNCER): NOW,
HERE'S STANLEY ROBERTS WHO
FOUND SOME PEOPLE BEHAVING
BADLY.
>> REPORTER:USING YOUR PARK
WHERE EVER YOU WANT BUTTON
DO YOU HAVE A HANDICAPPED
NO IM JUST DROPPING MY MOM
OFF RIGHT NOW YOU CANNOT USE
THE HANDICAPPED PARKING
SPACE YOU NEED TO STOP YOU
ARE NOT ALLOWED TO PARK IN
THE BLUE ZONE UNLESS YOU
HAVE A HANDICAPPED PLACARD,
CAN YOU STOP CAN YOU STOP
THE VEHICLE YOU'RE NOT
SUPPOSED TO DO THAT
>> REPORTER:WILL NOT PREVENT
YOU FROM GETTING A TICKET IF
YOU PARK IN THE BLUE ZONE
AND DESPITE THE SIGN READING
MINIMUM FINE 250 DOLLARS I
CAN ASSURE YOU THE MAXIMUM
IS MUCH HIGHER
>>SO YOU ARE GOING TO BE
ISSUES A CITATION FOR
PARKING IN THE BLUE ZONE
WITHOUT A HANDICAPPED
PLACARD
>> REPORTER:NOW YOU MIGHT
THINK SHE WAS IN THE
MINORITY BUT THIS GUY
DROPPED OF HIS BUDDY TO USE
THE ATM
>>I NOTICED YOU HE GOT OUT
AND YOU WAITED RIGHT HERE
YOU KNOW THIS IS A
HANDICAPPED ZONE DO YOU HAVE
A HANDICAPPED PLACARD OK
YOU'RE GOING TO GET A
CITATION SIR YOU OCCUPYING A
HANDICAPPED SPACE FOR
SOMEONE WHO IS HANDICAPPED
AND YOU WAITING FOR HIM TO
COME FROM THE MACHINE WELL
IF YOU KNOW IT'S A 500
DOLLAR TICKET SIR YOU CAN'T
BE THE IN THE BLUE ZONE
>> REPORTER:THERE IS A
CONSISTENT PROBLEM WITH
DRIVERS UTILIZING THE BLUE
ZONE FOR CONVENIENCE, AND
DESPITE THE CONSTANT
INCREASE IN FINES DRIVERS
STILL USE THE DISABLES
PARKING SPACES ILLEGALLY
>>THIS DRIVER PULLED INTO
THE BLUE ZONE AND SHE
ACTUALLY HAD A VALID PLACARD
EXCEPT THE PLACARD BELONGED
TO HER MOTHER WHO ACCORDING
TO THE DRIVER WAS IN A STORE
>> REPORTER:WHEN THAT
HAPPENS THE PARKING
ENFORCEMENT OFFICER WILL
WALK WITH YOU TO FINE THE
REGISTERED OWNER OF THE
PLACARD
>>YOU DON'T KNOW WHERE YOU
MOM IS SO FIRST YOU TELL ME
SHE IS AT THE STORE BUT NOW
SHE IS NOT IN THE STORE SO
YOU DON'T KNOW WHERE SHE IS
>> REPORTER:AT THIS POINT
THE DRIVER WANTS TO MOVE THE
CAR
>>IT DOESN'T WORK THAT WAY
YOU CAN USE THE PLACARD IS
YOUR MOMS NOT HERE SO WHAT
GOING TO HAPPEN IS YOU ARE
GOING TO GET CITED AND WERE
GOING TO HAVE TO CONFISCATE
THE HANDICAPPED PLACARD YOU
ARE GOING TO GET TWO TICKETS
ONE FOR USING THE BLUE ZONE
AND ONE FOR MISUSE OF THE
HANDICAPPED PLACARD
>> REPORTER:NOW HERE IS
WHERE IT GETS REAL
>>NOW YOU KNOW ITS TWO
CITATIONS HE EXPLAINED THAT
TO YOU AND BOTH ARE 800
DOLLARS
>> REPORTER:YUP THAT'S 1760
DOLLARS IN FINES, AND
BELIEVE IT OR NOT THE FINES
WERE ACTUALLY REDUCED
HERE IS THE ONE FOR MISUSE
OF THE HANDICAPPED PLACARD
THAT 880 DOLLARS AND THIS IS
THE ONE FOR PARKING IN THE
BLUE ZONE WHIS IS ALSO 880
DOLLARS
>> REPORTER:AND AS FOR THE
FRIST DRIVER WHEN SHE SEE
THE AMOUNT OF THE TICKET
>>
>> REPORTER:PARKING IN THE
BLUE ZONE ILLEGALLY IS
ABSOLUTLY NOT WORTH IT .
>> REPORTER:IN SAN FRANCISCO